<h1>wxWindows Library Licence</h1>
              wxWindows Library Licence, Version 3.1
              ======================================

Copyright (c) 1998-2005 Julian Smart, Robert Roebling et al

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this licence document, but changing it is not allowed.

                     WXWINDOWS LIBRARY LICENCE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public Licence as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the Licence, or (at your
option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Library General Public
Licence for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public Licence
along with this software, usually in a file named COPYING.LIB.  If not,
write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

EXCEPTION NOTICE

1. As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give
permission for additional uses of the text contained in this release of the
library as licenced under the wxWindows Library Licence, applying either
version 3.1 of the Licence, or (at your option) any later version of the
Licence as published by the copyright holders of version 3.1 of the Licence
document.

2. The exception is that you may use, copy, link, modify and distribute
under your own terms, binary object code versions of works based on the
Library.

3. If you copy code from files distributed under the terms of the GNU
General Public Licence or the GNU Library General Public Licence into a
copy of this library, as this licence permits, the exception does not apply
to the code that you add in this way.  To avoid misleading anyone as to the
status of such modified files, you must delete this exception notice from
such code and/or adjust the licensing conditions notice accordingly.

4. If you write modifications of your own for this library, it is your
choice whether to permit this exception to apply to your modifications.  If
you do not wish that, you must delete the exception notice from such code
and/or adjust the licensing conditions notice accordingly.

<h1>wxWindows Free Documentation License</h1>
              wxWindows Free Documentation Licence, Version 3
              ===============================================

Copyright (c) 1998 Julian Smart, Robert Roebling et al

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this licence document, but changing it is not allowed.
 
                 WXWINDOWS FREE DOCUMENTATION LICENCE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

1. Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual or piece of documentation provided any copyright notice and this
permission notice are preserved on all copies.

2. Permission is granted to process this file or document through a
document processing system and, at your option and the option of any third
party, print the results, provided a printed document carries a copying
permission notice identical to this one.

3. Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual or piece of documentation under the conditions for verbatim copying,
provided also that any sections describing licensing conditions for this
manual, such as, in particular, the GNU General Public Licence, the GNU
Library General Public Licence, and any wxWindows Licence are included
exactly as in the original, and provided that the entire resulting derived
work is distributed under the terms of a permission notice identical to
this one.

4. Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
or piece of documentation into another language, under the above conditions
for modified versions, except that sections related to licensing, including
this paragraph, may also be included in translations approved by the
copyright holders of the respective licence documents in addition to the
original English.

                          WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

5. BECAUSE THIS MANUAL OR PIECE OF DOCUMENTATION IS LICENSED FREE OF
CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR IT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THIS MANUAL OR PIECE OF DOCUMENTATION "AS IS" WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF
THE MANUAL OR PIECE OF DOCUMENTATION IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE MANUAL OR
PIECE OF DOCUMENTATION PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

6. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE MANUAL OR PIECE OF DOCUMENTATION AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE MANUAL
OR PIECE OF DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR
DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES
OR A FAILURE OF A PROGRAM BASED ON THE MANUAL OR PIECE OF DOCUMENTATION TO
OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.